-Hello, welcome to my website, as you can see, this is the front page.
-The video that I am currently recording will go in this spot here, and it is just a quick tour.
-So at the moment so if we click that [Home Button], it's not going to do anything.
-as you can see I've got my literature review, and my discovery log, and a couple of validation buttons.
-So if we go ahead and start with those, lets get them both open.
-so the html has validated with no errors, as has the css.
-so I only have the css button on the front page, because it is the same stylesheet used without so there is no sense in validating it two other times
-here we have my literature review, we've got a nice menu at the top and it just scrolls through
-So it's got my entire literature review, It's got the bibliography and We've got a nice little scroll to top button which is covered in my discovery log
-and if we quickly validate this page - there we go, that one has validated with no errors
-now if we have a quick look at the discovery log
-I've got most of the weeks in here, scrolling down I've got a couple of little animations that are just for a bit of fun
-as well as some svg
-and then, again we have our back to top button
-and that is it, so then if we finally validate this page - there we are
-we can see that that has no errors as well